Allows pixel input to draw_quadrangle (#5275)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5275.feature.rst

> Allows :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_quadrangle` to accept ``u.pix`` as input which leads to a rectangular plot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_quadrangle` to accept ``u.pix`` as input to enable plotting boxes in the pixel space of both the native map and other maps when the correct transform is specified.
```

> Allows :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_quadrangle` to accept ``u.pix`` as input to enable plotting boxes in the pixel space of both the native map and other maps when the correct transform is specified.

Reviewer 2: \`\`u.pix\`\` should instead be an intersphinx reference (particularly because `u` has no meaning here)

> Allows :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_quadrangle` to accept :ref:`u.pix <astropy:astropy-units>` as input to enable plotting boxes in the pixel space of both the native map and other maps when the correct transform is specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allows :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_quadrangle` to accept pixel units as input to enable plotting boxes in the pixel space of the map, which can be different from the plot axes.
```
With the changes below, the "correct transform" is automatic.  Also, forget an intersphinx link.  I can't fine anything clean to link.
